hi guys welcome to celeb look I'm sherry
today we're gonna discuss wanna quit
wheezing biggest change that solar panel
Kareena Kapoor was spotted wearing a
lovely black pant to the roof in the
Walter mean she look absolutely stunning
actually I'm going to break down my love
for you I've got actually separates it's
not realistic but I found it in berwyn
and that black velvet a black blazer
another shiny little better i bought in
play karina had a big bow or as i was
part of her pants to the course mine is
a blazer with the button as you can see
so to make it a little more glamorous
and hide the button I've sort of belted
it here with this lovely girl and I've
got a lovely cup as well remember to
accessorize with me strong accessories
you know don't do any girly tiny little
things but a pencil is meant to be
powerful and strong and you've got to
have that slightly manly edge to it
which is like I like to take my hair up
as well even karinas and that she's got
a nice up to I've got a lovely messy
French twist here today which is great
and also don't over access right let the
food through the talk we can get a nice
tailored to get paid krause's that work
for you make sure the childhood are you
know right for your body they flatter
you and also the blazar the jacket it's
really important that the jacket works
for you it should be a nice fitted
blazer that accentuates all the great
parts of your body and yeah so my tip
should be here up nice feel strong
accessories a slightly man the edge
minimal make-up sort of keep it you know
like light eyes and nude lips maybe
because that works well with this won't
go girlie and all think because this is
a strong fierce look and yeah you can
wear open-toed shoes just like kinetic
I'd say we're new people
because we go well with everything and
yet stick to black is slimming it's
classic image so that's the look for you
so guys I hope you like this look and
you're going to go and invest in a fancy
cuz it's really great you can wear with
tons of formal events and you can dress
it up or down because you can see I roll
up my sleeves today Farina and hose down
so you can work with your personal style
and do what works best for you so if you
enjoy this log then definitely like the
video and also subscribe to the blog for
more such with you next time bye